# PyCscope

 * **Copyright**: Copyright 2019 Peter Portante.  See LICENSE for details.
 * **Author**: Peter Portante
 * **Release**: 1.2.2
 * **Date**: 2019/10/17


# Purpose

A python script to generate a cscope index from a Python source tree.
`pycscope` uses Python's own parser and (C)oncrete (S)yntax (T)ree to generate
the index, so it is a bit more accurate than plain cscope.


# Usage

```
    pycscope.py [-D] [-R] [-S] [-V] [-f reffile] [-e path1[,path2,...]] [-i srclistfile] [files ...]

    -D                Dump the (C)oncrete (S)yntax (T)ree generated by the parser for each file
    -R                Recurse directories for files
    -S                Interpret simple strings as symbols
    -V                Print version and exit
    -f reffile        Use 'reffile' as cross-ref file name instead of 'cscope.out'
    -i srclistfile    Use the contents of 'srclistfile' as the list of source files to scan
    -e path1,path2..  Exclude the list of paths from being parse
```


# Example

Rough example using `vim` as your cscope client:

```
    pycscope -R .
    # now you have a cscope.out. use it like you would cscope
    vim hello.py
    :cscope add cscope.out
    :cscope find s sys
````


# Install

PyCscope uses Python's distutils package for installation.  Use the following
command to install this package:

```
    % python setup.py install
```


# Features

PyCscope has the following features:

 - Supports both Python 2.7 and Python 3
 - Command line interface
 - Output can be used by the `CscopeFinder` plugin for jEdit
 - Marks for all files ending in `.py`
 - Marks for all `class` definitions
 - Marks for all defined functions
 - Marks for function calls (algorithm is not perfect)
 - Marks for end-of-function (no search uses this mark yet)
 - Marks for imported modules (use the search for #include)
 - Marks for symbol assignment

A *mark* is an indicator to the cscope utility that something
of interest follows.


# History

 * pycscope 0.3a and later are written and copyright Peter Portante.
 * pycscope 0.1 - 0.3 were originally written and copyright Dean Hall.


# Status

It works well enough to generate an index file that can be used by the
`CscopeFinder` plugin for jEdit, emacs cscope support, or vim's cscope
handling.  Other editors are not tested.
